Let you prepare this thing
Yan Zhen, we made it
We got the cooperation office of Qishu Media.
This is for you.
Thank you for your unhesitant support.
The Shen family does not lack your money
Really you don't know
Gu Jinxi
You have been incognito by my side
What do you want from me?
What do I want from you?
I've always told you that I just cherish yourself
No, hahaha.
I actually doubted it again and again
Unexpectedly, the last clown turned out to be myself
Song Tiantian, you steal and pretend to be Chenxi
Attempt to cheat
Local cat Shen family property
heinous crime
I represent the Army.
Drive you out of the entertainment industry
permanently blocked
Hualai
Is it Miss Palace Yan?
We know that you are suspected of empty Tibet
Why don't you come with us?
That's impossible.
You scold me court west
I hate you. I hate you.
Bring it up
Mr. Shen
On behalf of Miss Gu Jinli, I will deliver the birthday gift to you.
Nanshan three thousand years ginseng grain
Nanshan Millennium Ginseng
Those are the best products with no market price.
Also get two free plants.
He has to let Xu Zheng give him gifts
This morning is really not easy
Master Wang Shi is peerless and sincere
Since Yuguanye
It is said that Master Wang Shi's genuine product
Yuguan Ye has always been in the Qishu Museum
The world economy is also at a glance
Yuancheng mineral spring integrated luxury area villa
More than 100
This is probably a handle only available to the Gu family with a down payment.
Is he really just the dawn?
One Top Jewelry Ocean Heart Necklace
Heart of the Ocean
That's $20 million worth of top jewelry
What virtue and what ability
To get the richest man to take care of his family
there are buildings
Need help, hey, Mr. Shen, you're welcome.
These?
Miss Gu Jinni asked me to prepare it for you.
Birthday gift
When the monk arrives, my task is completed
Ok go on
Miss Su, we should go home
Xu Zhi
You said you didn't have an affair with this woman
You're almost emptying the Gu family
Believe it or not, I told you to get out of Gu's house
You'd better take care of yourself first
Who is so arrogant
The Gu family engagement party will be held in a few days.
I'd like to know
In a few days.
Can you still be the eldest lady of the Gu family?
Pre-birth, you analyze who it belongs to
All the ladies
I advise you not to provoke him
But you can't afford to offend
Sister Jing
Are you really sincere?
What do you think?
Grandpa
Grandpa is getting old
As long as you can get the Gu family out of trouble with the Shen family
About you two
I don't care.
Thanks grandpa
Is he really my cousin?
That's impossible.
Mommy said that my cousin didn't come back at all from abroad